README.md, before:

# Evil Mode for VS Code

![icon](images/icon.png)

> This is a fork of the amazing [amVim](https://github.com/aioutecism/amVim-for-VSCode) extension aiming to be more up-to-date and feature complete. For differences see [section](#differences-from-amvim) below

The [Vim](http://www.vim.org/) mode for [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) that works as expected.

## Differences from amVim

- Flipping selection anchor using "o" in Visual modes
- Replace (Overtype) Mode
- Repeating motions in visual mode to expand selection
- AnyBlock TextObject for easy ({[ selections
- Support for the tag TextObject using Emmet (works everywhere)
- Supports using system clipboard
- Scrolling by Line with ctrl+e/ctrl+y
- Increment/Decrement numbers in Normal Mode with ctrl+x/ctrl+a
- Paragraph TextObject to select/delete empty line delimited blocks of text

## Key features

- Vim style keybindings & looks
- Normal, Visual and Visual Line modes support
- Multi-cursor support
- Works with VS Code's default behaviors

## Not supported

- `:` started commands: Only a few are supported now
- Visual Block mode: Please use column-select instead for now
- Custom keybindings: On the roadmap

#### `evil.bindCtrlCommands`

`Boolean`, Default: `true`

Set to `false` to disable `Ctrl+<key>` keybindings.

#### `evil.startInInsertMode`

`Boolean`, Default: `false`

Set to `true` to start in Insert mode when opening files.

#### `evil.smartRelativeLineNumbers`

`Boolean`, Default: `false`

Set to `true` to will make line numbers relative when not in Insert mode.

#### `evil.mimicVimSearchBehavior`

`Boolean`, Default: `true`

Set to `false` to keep VSCode's keybinding when searching.

#### `evil.useSystemClipboard`

`Boolean`, Default: `false`

Set to `true` to copy to and paste from the system clipboard.

#### `evil.vimStyleNavigationInListView`

`Boolean`, Default: `true`

Set to `false` to disable Vim style navigation in sidebar.

## Contributing

Feel free to open [issues][] to report bugs or require features.

[Pull requests][] are welcomed too! See VS Code's official instructions about:

- [How to run and debug extensions][]
- [How to run extension tests][]
  - Protip: change `suite(` to `suite.only(` in a test file to run only a
    single test suite at a time. This saves quite a lot of time. Remember to
    remove the `.only` part before making a Git commit.

[issues]: https://github.com/pushqrdx/evil-code/issues
[pull requests]: https://github.com/pushqrdx/evil-code/pulls
[how to run and debug extensions]: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/extensions/developing-extensions
[how to run extension tests]: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/extensions/testing-extensions

Commit message:

ability to change mark gutter icon look

README.md, after:

# Evil Mode for VS Code

![icon](images/icon.png)

> This is a fork of the amazing [amVim](https://github.com/aioutecism/amVim-for-VSCode) extension aiming to be more up-to-date and feature complete. For differences see [section](#differences-from-amvim) below

The [Vim](http://www.vim.org/) mode for [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) that works as expected.

## Differences from amVim

- Marks with the ability to show line mark in the gutter
- Flipping selection anchor using "o" in Visual modes
- Replace (Overtype) Mode
- Repeating motions in visual mode to expand selection
- AnyBlock TextObject for easy ({[ selections
- Support for the tag TextObject using Emmet (works everywhere)
- Supports using system clipboard
- Scrolling by Line with ctrl+e/ctrl+y
- Increment/Decrement numbers in Normal Mode with ctrl+x/ctrl+a
- Paragraph TextObject to select/delete empty line delimited blocks of text

## Key features

- Vim style keybindings & looks
- Normal, Visual and Visual Line modes support
- Multi-cursor support
- Works with VS Code's default behaviors

## Not supported

- `:` started commands: Only a few are supported now
- Visual Block mode: Please use column-select instead for now
- Custom keybindings: On the roadmap

#### `evil.bindCtrlCommands`

`Boolean`, Default: `true`

Set to `false` to disable `Ctrl+<key>` keybindings.

#### `evil.startInInsertMode`

`Boolean`, Default: `false`

Set to `true` to start in Insert mode when opening files.

#### `evil.smartRelativeLineNumbers`

`Boolean`, Default: `false`

Set to `true` to will make line numbers relative when not in Insert mode.

#### `evil.mimicVimSearchBehavior`

`Boolean`, Default: `true`

Set to `false` to keep VSCode's keybinding when searching.

#### `evil.useSystemClipboard`

`Boolean`, Default: `false`

Set to `true` to copy to and paste from the system clipboard.

#### `evil.vimStyleNavigationInListView`

`Boolean`, Default: `true`

Set to `false` to disable Vim style navigation in sidebar.

#### `evil.showMarksAsDecorations`

`Boolean`, Default: `false`

Set to `true` to show marks in the gutter.

#### `evil.marksGutterForeground`

`String`, Default: `#c5c5c5`

Set to change the gutter mark color.

## Contributing

Feel free to open [issues][] to report bugs or require features.

[Pull requests][] are welcomed too! See VS Code's official instructions about:

- [How to run and debug extensions][]
- [How to run extension tests][]
  - Protip: change `suite(` to `suite.only(` in a test file to run only a
    single test suite at a time. This saves quite a lot of time. Remember to
    remove the `.only` part before making a Git commit.

[issues]: https://github.com/pushqrdx/evil-code/issues
[pull requests]: https://github.com/pushqrdx/evil-code/pulls
[how to run and debug extensions]: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/extensions/developing-extensions
[how to run extension tests]: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/extensions/testing-extensions
